fixup explainer and update to latest design (#66)
tc39/proposal-intl-duration-format: README.md

    - 1 hour, 46 minutes and 40 seconds → Wide
    - 1 hr, 46 min, 40 sec → Short

## Quick Start

```javascript
new Intl.DurationFormat("fr-FR", { style: "long" }).format({
    hours: 1,
    minutes: 46,
    seconds: 40,
});
// => "1 heure, 46 minutes et 40 secondes"
```

## Motivation

* Users need all types of duration formatting depending on the requirements of their application. For example, to show how long a flight takes, the duration should be in Short or Narrow format
  + "1 hr 40 min 60 sec" → Short

>   + "1 h 40 m 60 s"  → Narrow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + "1h 40m 60s"  → Narrow
```

Narrow removes the spaces between numbers and units, right?

Author: See comment below.

## Requirements & Design

In this section, we are going to illustrate each user needs (requirements) and a design for each need (requirement)

### Input Value

+ Users need to identify how to input a duration value. For example, if a user needs to format `1000 seconds` , how could the user pass the value to the formatting function.

#### Design

* Input value will be an object of type `Temporal.Duration`
* Example: `new DurationFormat().format(Temporal.Duration.from({hours: 3, minutes: 4});`

### Formatting width

Users want to determine several types of the formatting width as following

| Format width | Example               |
|--------------|-----------------------|
| Long         | 1 hour and 50 minutes |
| Short        | 1 hr, 50 min          |
| Narrow       | 1h 50m                |

> | Digital      | 1: 50: 00             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Digital      | 1:50:00             |
```

#### Design

> + The user can determine the formatting width using a parameter `style` and the value of this parameter may be one of the following `string` s:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ The user can determine the formatting width using a parameter `style` and the value of this parameter may be one of the following strings:
```

  + microseconds
  + nanoseconds

### Determining Duration Units

> `DurationFormat` does not do any arithmetic operations on the input implicitly, expecting the user to use functions on the prototype like `Temporal.Duration.prototype.round` in order to ensure that the input is within a certain range if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DurationFormat` does not do any arithmetic operations nor rounding on the input implicitly.
Instead, the user must edit the input (e.g. using [`Temporal.Duration.prototype.round`](https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/docs/duration.html#round) to ensure the input is within the desired range.
```

> To avoid accidentally truncating part of the value, `DurationFormat` doesn't allow hiding certain fields, so users expecting a specific result are highly recommended to call `round` in order to make sure that the input only includes necessary units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid accidentally omitting part of the duration, `DurationFormat` always outputs all nonzero fields (except sub-second fields truncated by `fractionalDigits`).
Callers who want to omit nonzero fields (for example, only showing the date or time portion of the duration) should edit the input duration.
```

  + microseconds
  + nanoseconds

### Determining Duration Units

`DurationFormat` does not do any arithmetic operations nor rounding on the input implicitly.

> Instead, the user must edit the input (e.g. using [`Temporal.Duration.prototype.round`](https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/docs/duration.html#round) to ensure the input is within the desired range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the user must edit the input (e.g. using [`Temporal.Duration.prototype.round`](https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/docs/duration.html#round)) to ensure the input is within the desired range.
```

    ]
```

### Hide zero-value fields

In most cases, users want to avoid displaying zero-value fields. All zero-valued fields are hidden by default. If you specify the style for a specific field, then it is always displayed, but you can override that behavior by also setting the display option for that particular field to `"auto"` again explicitly.

#### Design

> For each field `foo`, there is an option `fooDisplay` that is set to `"auto"` by default. If you specify the style for that field by setting the `foo` option, then the default for `fooDisplay` becomes `"always"`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For each field `foo`, there is an option `fooDisplay` that is set to `"auto"` by default. Setting that option to `"always"` causes that field to be displayed even if it is zero; for example, to always show the "day" field, set `{ dayDisplay: "always" }`. If you specify the style for that field by setting the `foo` option, then the default for `fooDisplay` becomes `"always"`; for example, `{ day: "short" }` implies `{ day: "short", dayDisplay: "always" }`.
```

Reviewer: If adding a new sentence, ideally it'd be on a different line for easier diffs later.

  + With rounding option
    - 1 hour and 31 minutes.

#### Design

* Users could use `Temporal.Duration#round` function.

> ### Locale aware format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Locale-aware format
```

  + fr-FR
    - 1 heure, 46 minutes et 40 secondes

#### Design

> Adding the locale in `string` format as a first argument, or specifying a ranked list of locales as an array of string locale values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adding the locale in string format as a first argument, or specifying a ranked list of locales as an array of string locale values.
```

## API design

``` javascript
    new Intl.DurationFormat('en').format(Temporal.Duration.from('PT2H46M40S')); // => 2 hr 46 min 40 sec
    new Intl.DurationFormat('en', {
      hours: 'numeric',
      seconds: 'numeric',
    }).format(Temporal.Duration.from('PT2H40S')); // => 2:00:40
```

> 

Reviewer: There should be a section explaining the motivation and design for the `fractionalDigits` option. Also a section for the `style` option.

Finally, I was hoping to see an "Options Summary" or "Design Summary" section that shows the full list of options and their allowed values. The current layout of the page with multiple, separate "Design" sections is fine, but it makes it visualize every option to understand the big picture of how the API works.  I think both are helpful.

Reviewer: The new `fractionalDigits` section with examples is great. But IMHO this page still needs an options summary section which lists all the possible options, their possible values, and a short sentence about each one. Something like the "parameters" section of https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/docs/zoneddatetime.html#until.

Author: @justingrant updated! Please check out the README now and let me know what you think.

Reviewer: New content is much clearer and easier to understand. Thanks!

### Display fractional values

Sometimes it is desirable to display the smallest sub-second unit not by itself but as a fraction of the immediately larger unit.

#### Design

We allow users to specify a `fractionalDigits` option that will display the smallest sub-second unit with display set to `"auto"` as a fraction of the previous unit if it is non-zero. The number of digits used will be the value passed to this option.

#### Example

```javascript
new Intl.DurationFormat('en', { fractionalDigits: 2 }).format('PT12.3456S'); // => 12.34 sec
new Intl.DurationFormat('en', { milliseconds: 'narrow', fractionalDigits: 2 }).format('PT12.3456S'); // => 12 sec 345.60 ms
```

## API design

``` javascript
    new Intl.DurationFormat('en').format(Temporal.Duration.from('PT2H46M40S')); // => 2 hr 46 min 40 sec
    new Intl.DurationFormat('en', {
      hours: 'numeric',
      seconds: 'numeric',
    }).format(Temporal.Duration.from('PT2H40S')); // => 2:00:40
```

### Constructor

#### Syntax

```javascript
new Intl.DurationFormat(locales, options)
```

#### Parameters

> * `locales` (`Array` | `String`): A locale string or a list of locale strings in decreasing order of preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `locales` (`Array<string>` | `string`): A locale string or a list of locale strings in decreasing order of preference.
```

If we're using TS-style conventions here, the first character of non-class types like `object` & `string` should not be capitalized here and in many of the lines below. `Array` should still be capitalized though, because it's a class type.

> * `options` (optional `Object`): An object for configuring the behavior of the instance. It may have some or all of the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `options` (optional `object`): An object for configuring the behavior of the instance. It may have some or all of the following properties:
```

>   * `localeMatcher` (`String`): A string denoting which locale matching algorithm to use. Can be either `"best-fit"` or `"lookup"`. Defaults to `"best fit"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `localeMatcher: 'best-fit' | 'lookup'`: A string denoting which locale matching algorithm to use. Defaults to `"best fit"`.
```

IMHO this section of the doc can be made easier to read (and shorter) by using the TS style for expressing which strings are allowed instead of spelling them out in a sentence. This comment applies to `style` and every other option below it.

  * `numberingSystem` (`String`): A string containing the name of the numbering system to be used for number formatting. Defaults to `undefined`.

>   * `style` (`String`): The base style to be used for formatting. This can be overriden per-unit by setting the more granular options. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"` or `"narrow"`. Defaults to `"short"`.

Reviewer: Is there a `'digital'`?  If yes, should add. If no, this contradicts the discussion earlier in this document that lists the different `style` possibilities.  My understanding was that `'digital'` was a combination of narrow (for date units) and numeric (for time units) but I expect this will be in the last meeting notes if I'm wrong. @sffc will also know.

  * `years` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting years. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.

>   * `yearsDisplay` (`String`): When to display years. `"auto"` means that years won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `years` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `yearsDisplay: 'always' | 'auto'`:  Whether to always display years, or only if nonzero. Defaults to `"auto"` if `years` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
```
All the xxxDisplay options have the same format, so I'd suggest shortening for easier readability of the entire section as a whole.

  * `months` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting months. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `monthsDisplay` (`String`): When to display months. `"auto"` means that months won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `months` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
  * `weeks` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting weeks. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `weeksDisplay` (`String`): When to display weeks. `"auto"` means that weeks won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `weeks` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
  * `days` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting days. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `daysDisplay` (`String`): When to display days. `"auto"` means that days won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `days` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.

>   * `hours` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting hours. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.

Reviewer: Don't time units have different display options, e.g. including `'numeric'` and sometimes `'2-digit'`?

> Defaults to the value of `style`.

Also, if value of `style` is `'digital'` then this statement is not correct. I'd suggest saying "Its default depends on `style`, and then expanding the docs for `style` to explain the defaults, e.g. 
```
When `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`, that same style will be used as the default for `'years'`, `'months'`, and all other unit options.
When `'digital'`, date units will default to `'narrow'` and time units to ????? (I wasn't sure if default was numeric or 2-digit).
```

Author: @justingrant I will explain the defaults in a different way. In the meantime, I added the missing options.

  * `hoursDisplay` (`String`): When to display hours. `"auto"` means that hours won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `hours` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.

>   * `minutes` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting minutes. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.

Reviewer: There should be discussion here and in `seconds` (and in `hours` too if `'numeric'` is a valid option for `days`, which I think it should be) about how `'numeric'` is upgraded to `'2-digit'` if there's a `'numeric'` unit to its left.  So `{hours: 'numeric', minutes: 'numeric'}` really means `{hours: 'numeric', minutes: '2-digit'}`. At least that's how I think we agreed it would work. @sffc is that correct?

  * `minutesDisplay` (`String`): When to display minutes. `"auto"` means that minutes won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `minutes` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
  * `seconds` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting seconds. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `secondsDisplay` (`String`): When to display seconds. `"auto"` means that seconds won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `seconds` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.

>   * `milliseconds` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting milliseconds. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.

Reviewer: I'd expect some discussion here (and in the microseconds and nanoseconds docs below) about:
* when ms/μs/ns values will be displayed as decimals after `seconds` (or after milliseconds or microseconds for smaller units) and when they'll be  displayed as standalone values like "123 ms".
* how `fractionalDigits` affects display of ms/μs/ns units
* whether trailing zeroes are shown or hidden by default

  * `millisecondsDisplay` (`String`): When to display milliseconds. `"auto"` means that milliseconds won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `milliseconds` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
  * `microseconds` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting microseconds. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `microsecondsDisplay` (`String`): When to display microseconds. `"auto"` means that microseconds won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `microseconds` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
  * `nanoseconds` (`String`): The style to be used for formatting nanoseconds. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `nanosecondsDisplay` (`String`): When to display nanoseconds. `"auto"` means that nanoseconds won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `nanoseconds` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.

> 

Reviewer: `fractionalDigits` is missing

Author: oops, I knew I'd missed something. Adding.

  * `hours` (`string`): The style to be used for formatting hours. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `hoursDisplay` (`string`): When to display hours. `"auto"` means that hours won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `hours` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
  * `minutes` (`string`): The style to be used for formatting minutes. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `minutesDisplay` (`string`): When to display minutes. `"auto"` means that minutes won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `minutes` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.
  * `seconds` (`string`): The style to be used for formatting seconds. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.
  * `secondsDisplay` (`string`): When to display seconds. `"auto"` means that seconds won't be displayed if they are zero. Can be either `"always"` or `"auto"`. Defaults to `"auto"` if `seconds` is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.

>   * `milliseconds` (`string`): The style to be used for formatting milliseconds. Can be one of `"long"`, `"short"`, or `"narrow"`. Defaults to the value of `style`.

Reviewer 3: Should we adopt `"numeric"` as suggested in https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-duration-format/issues/64#issuecomment-892814950 ?

Author: @sffc I'd missed them out, check the README now.

Reviewer 3: We may need to update this again once #64 is fully resolved, but that's only tinkering around the edges.  This looks good to me for merging.

  + fr-FR
    - 1 heure, 46 minutes et 40 secondes

#### Design

Adding the locale in string format as a first argument, or specifying a ranked list of locales as an array of string locale values.

### Display fractional values

Sometimes it is desirable to display the smallest sub-second unit not by itself but as a fraction of the immediately larger unit.

#### Design

We allow users to specify a `fractionalDigits` option that will display the smallest sub-second unit with display set to `"auto"` as a fraction of the previous unit if it is non-zero. The number of digits used will be the value passed to this option.

#### Example

```javascript
new Intl.DurationFormat('en', { fractionalDigits: 2 }).format('PT12.3456S'); // => 12.34 sec

> new Intl.DurationFormat('en', { milliseconds: 'narrow', fractionalDigits: 2 }).format('PT12.3456S'); // => 12 sec 345.60 ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new Intl.DurationFormat('en', { milliseconds: 'narrow', fractionalDigits: 2 }).format('PT12.3456S'); // => 12s 345.60ms
```
Is this the correct `'narrow'` output?

Author: About this and the comment above, I'm not entirely sure. I think it's still not exactly confirmed yet since the locale data is not finalized. At the end of the day, this is just a "sample" output for demonstration and the exact result will be decided by (and could be changed in the future by) linguists at the Unicode/CLDR side of things.

Reviewer: Yep, agreed. Mostly I think that this doc, for clarity, should be internally consistent in how "narrow" behaves. We giver several examples of narrow in the doc. Their output should match.

Also, I'd really like to avoid a space between the number and a single letter like "8 d". It looks really confusing when multiple units are shown, e.g. "4 y 3 m 6 d", because the same spacing is used between units as between units and label.

Author: Sounds fair, I'd replace all occurrences with the latter format.

Author: Actually, in this specific case, I'd just miswritten the `"short"` output instead of `"narrow"`.

* `options?: object`: An object for configuring the behavior of the instance. It may have some or all of the following properties:
  * `localeMatcher: "best-fit" | "lookup"`: A string denoting which locale matching algorithm to use. Defaults to `"best fit"`.
  * `numberingSystem: string`: A string containing the name of the numbering system to be used for number formatting.
  * `style: "long" | "short" | "narrow"`: The base style to be used for formatting. This can be overriden per-unit by setting the more granular options. Defaults to `"short"`.
  * `years: "long" | "short" | "narrow"`: The style to be used for formatting years.
  * `yearsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display years, or only if nonzero.
  * `months: "long" | "short" | "narrow"`: The style to be used for formatting months.
  * `monthsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display months, or only if nonzero.
  * `weeks: "long" | "short" | "narrow"`: The style to be used for formatting weeks.
  * `weeksDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display weeks, or only if nonzero.

>   * `days: "long" | "short" | "narrow"`: The style to be used for formatting days.

Reviewer: per my comment elsewhere, IMHO we should offer the `'numeric'` style for `'days'` too, to support NASA-style countdown timers that include days.

Author: I suppose we could merge the current text as per the current consensus and sneak this quick change once we have a decision for that issue?

Reviewer: Yep, that works. Or we could add it now and remove it later if it's not desired. Regardless, I opened an issue to track: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-duration-format/issues/67

  * `daysDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display days, or only if nonzero.
  * `hours: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric" | "2-digit"`: The style to be used for formatting hours.
  * `hoursDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display hours, or only if nonzero.

>   * `minutes: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric" | "2-digit"`: The style to be used for formatting minutes.

Reviewer: Still need to talk about how `"numeric"` is changed to (or acts like) `"2-digit"` if there's a larger nonzero field that's `"numeric"`.  This behavior applies to minutes, seconds, and (if my "days" suggestion above is accepted) to hours too.

  * `minutesDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display minutes, or only if nonzero.
  * `seconds: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric" | "2-digit"`: The style to be used for formatting seconds.
  * `secondsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display seconds, or only if nonzero.
  * `milliseconds: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric"`: The style to be used for formatting milliseconds.
  * `millisecondsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display milliseconds, or only if nonzero.
  * `microseconds: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric"`: The style to be used for formatting microseconds.
  * `microsecondsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display microseconds, or only if nonzero.
  * `nanoseconds: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric"`: The style to be used for formatting nanoseconds.
  * `nanosecondsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display nanoseconds, or only if nonzero.

>   * `fractionalDigits: number`: The number of fractional digits to be included in the output, applies automatically to the entire set of consecutive time units with style `"numeric"` at the end.

Reviewer: I find this text pretty confusing. Is there a clearer way to express this?  Also need to describe the default behavior. Here's a start:

```suggestion
  * `fractionalDigits: number`: How many fractional digits to display in the output. 
    Additional decimal places will be truncated towards zero.
    (`Temporal.Duration.prototype.round` can be used to obtain different rounding behavior.)
    Normally this option applies to fractional seconds, but this option actually applies to the largest seconds-or-smaller unit that uses the `"numeric"` or `"2-digit"` style.
    For example, if options are `{ seconds: "narrow", milliseconds: "narrow", fractionalDigits: 2}` then the output can be `"5s 2.39ms"`.
    If this option is omitted, only nonzero decimals will be displayed and trailing zeroes will be omitted.
```

  * `millisecondsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display milliseconds, or only if nonzero.
  * `microseconds: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric"`: The style to be used for formatting microseconds.
  * `microsecondsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display microseconds, or only if nonzero.
  * `nanoseconds: "long" | "short" | "narrow" | "numeric"`: The style to be used for formatting nanoseconds.
  * `nanosecondsDisplay: "always" | "auto"`: Whether to always display nanoseconds, or only if nonzero.
  * `fractionalDigits: number`: The number of fractional digits to be included in the output, applies automatically to the entire set of consecutive time units with style `"numeric"` at the end.

##### Default values

* The per-unit style options default to the value of `style` for all styles except `"digital"`, for which units years till days default to `"narrow"` and hours till nanoseconds default to `"numeric"`.
* The per-unit display options default to `"auto"` if the corresponding style option is `undefined` and `"always"` otherwise.

#### Notes

> * If for any given locale and unit, the representation of the `"narrow"` style is completely unique, then the same repsresentation may be used for `"short"`.

Reviewer: Was below what you had in mind?  If so I'd suggest clarifying, as I wasn't quite sure what the line above meant.

```suggestion
* Some locales may share the same representation between `"long"` and `"short"` or between `"narrow"` and `"short"`.  Others may use different representations for each one, e.g. "3 seconds", "3 secs", "3s".
```

Author: This looks great, merging.

> * Any unit with the style `"numeric"` followed by a unit of style `"numeric"` or `"2-digit"` should act like the style `"2-digit"` was used instead.

Reviewer: I believe that the statement above is backwards. 
```suggestion
* Any unit with the style `"numeric"` preceded by a unit of style `"numeric"` or `"2-digit"` should act like the style `"2-digit"` was used instead.  For example, `{hours: 'numeric', minutes: 'numeric'}` can produce output like "3:08".
```

Reviewer: What happens with weird styles, e.g. `{hours: numeric, minutes: 'long'}`. Error? Does "long" get upgraded to "2-digit"? Something else?  (I repeated this comment in the spec text too)

Author: you're right, I will merge the commit to make the explainer more accurate. In the meantime, could you make an issue for the "weird style" problem? That sounds like something we should look into.

Reviewer: Done. #66.
